do you ever get the feeling that history
is repeating itself like you can
remember years and years ago just
feeling so shocked so astonished that
Barack Obama was elected president
United States he thought wow I thought
this would never happen within my
lifetime I thought I would I would never
you know see this an african-american
gets elected to be President in States
and then you know a few years later a
few years later you feel the same way
when you find out that a white
millionaire from reality television has
been elected president in States you're
sitting there thinking what Donald Trump
was I never thought I would live to see
this day I never thought I would live to
see Donald Trump get elected to the
United States do you get the feeling do
you get the feeling the history is
repeating is a [ __ ] to fill gee what
guys it's it's lawsuit season beginning
they're suing vegans again it's it's
fashionable all over again
I started this trend all y'all copied my
style it's you owe me ten percent
I don't do much sit on the Block in the
lavender range waiting for fiends
passing McCain [ __ ] and you will sell
out your own friends and and you break
all your own rules okay you defame me
and say malicious things that impact me
and my divorce and my ex-wife and my
daughter you have no limits
you have no druthers you have gone from
being someone who people cheered on
heroically because you spoke truth to
power you challenged powerful people
like durianrider when they were doing
things that are really important really
criminal and now you've become someone
who panders to durianrider now you've
become someone who pretends during
writer didn't do anything wrong when he
threatened to murder me when he
threatened to have people beat me up in
the streets you took a pause situation
where so many people eat believed in you
and so many people supported you because
at the time when it really mattered you
stood up and did the right thing and
said the right thing in a storm of
controversy about durianrider and you
made a lot of videos that were
entertaining and informative and that
told the truth and you destroyed that
and you destroyed that by telling lies
and by trying to exploit your
friendships with other people to make
little nickels and dimes telling fake
stories about their sex lives and their
private lives and their moral failings
that's what you've become
you've become somebody worse than Torian
Ryder you are the lowest of the low
Anna Scanlon sent me a totally cute
email saying hey I'm I'm pulling Anna
Ballas yell like I'm I'm pulling at you
she she sent me an email saying hey I'm
I'm gonna do this lawsuit and do a
fundraiser asking for donations to
support the lawsuit to pull cheetah into
court and she's quite right she's biting
my style you know um let's talk
defamation has consequences this
difference between defamation and simply
being vulgar the difference in
defamation and having a lousy sense of
humor differencing defamation and
criticism and and the difference is
defamation is a crime it's it's not
subtle it's not a small or minor
difference Cheeta you make your living
you earn your living through slander and
definite
and you know that these are issues that
I know for a fact cheetah understands
because I've discussed them with him
myself and you know I think to some
extent anyone with a shred of human
sympathy can understand them
defamation has consequences defamation
as personal consequences what's written
on the internet is written there in pen
and it stays up forever
especially if the offending party
doesn't delete it I have a new
girlfriend when I was first getting
together with my girlfriend you know her
parents were finding this stuff on the
internet this terrible stuff that was
said about me and I had to meet her
parents you know I just talked to them
via Skype but still now I don't think
her parents were directly the ones using
Google using the search engine I'm
pretty sure that she had a brother and
the brother was putting my name into
Google and then the brother was telling
the parents and then the parents were
telling her so you had this whole broken
telephone situation where lies that were
made up built me by durianrider and by
Cheeta himself were getting back to my
girlfriend's parents that my girlfriend
was asking me you know what should she
say or what should I say to her parents
whatever so there are personal
consequences and the personal
consequences are not short-term they're
long-term there are emotional and
behavioral consequences and I talked
about the fact that other people say
they would love to start a YouTube
channel they would love to start a blog
or a website talking about veganism
talking about their aspirations of vegan
politics but they're afraid of the
consequences they're afraid that what
happened to me will happen to them
they're afraid that would happen to Ana
will happen to them they're afraid that
it will cause a problem either at work
professionally or with their girlfriends
parents that kind of thing but I think
there are really interesting questions
of how it changes all of our behavior I
posted a photo myself recently myself
with my girlfriend and you know the
photo says the top of the bottom I want
to share this photo with you but I can't
and in the end what we decided to do was
blank out my girlfriend's face and
covering her face it says imagine how
the world would be different without
internet bullying it's just a selfie of
me hugging my girlfriend it's no big
deal it's a really nice moment for the
two
together and instead it ends up being
this statement on the fact that I want
to share private moments like that with
you but I can't so there are changes
there are impacts in our behavior and
you know those have knock-on effects for
the future of the movement right there
are political consequences there are
changes for how the movement as a whole
behaves when you scale it up you're
looking at hundreds of people with
thousands of people and when you look at
individual people like me um trying to
get ahead we're both trying to push
veganism ahead and we're trying to get
our homes ourselves after durianrider
denounced me you know so thoroughly
denounced me and defamed me and set all
these terrible things about me what
position am I in if I want to do
fundraising for a completely legitimate
completely normal
vegan cause I have a children's story
book I'd like to publish if I'm gonna do
fundraising for that story book where am
I at when I have somebody like
durianrider defaming me and claiming I'm
a scam artist how can I ask for
donations for a very straightforward
vegan cause if there's a chorus of
voices that are really seriously
defaming me accusing me of crimes excuse
me a criminal misconduct of the Internet
and to give another example that may
seem a little less salacious but it's
really just as important German writer
claimed again and again that I am Pro
vivisection that I am a vivisectionist
that I support torturing animals death
for medical experiments now doesn't know
it is really possible for someone to do
an intelligent video criticizing my view
on vivisection to say it really briefly
I've pointed out that vivisection
although it's horrifying although it's
morally abhorrent to me although I do
oppose it in principle vivisection is
not obsolete
whereas shoes made at a leather are
obsolete so I have a kind of nuanced
discussion about that where I pointed
there are some medicines we can't
replace there's some medical procedures
that rely on the assertion that are not
obsolete so ethically it's a very
different situation for vegans as
individuals and for veganism as a
movement so I have talked about
vivisection in a in a nuanced way and I
could be criticized anyway but it's
actually a very interesting form of
death
because if you just claim as durianrider
donessa some others have if you claim
that I am Pro vivisection under Canadian
law that is defamation because it
impacts my ability to do fundraising as
a vegan activist for whatever causes or
project someone undertaken veganism so
even though that's much more subtle than
someone making up a story that I had a
love affair with a 16 year old Romanian
girl both of them are defamation in in
an interesting way that's worth talking
about
now look I remember you know one of the
interesting responses to this problem
was Joe vegans saying that he was
morally opposed to anyone having to pay
for access to the legal system
okay that's fine but who is gonna draw
the line and what's gonna happen if we
refuse to participate in the justice
system simply because there is a barrier
to entry Anna Scanlon is asking for
$15,000 $15,000 it's a significant cost
it's a significant barrier to entry if
you want to form oh now look I'll say
this very simply I do not believe that
access to medical care should be based
on the ability to pay if you have two
people who both need to get cancer
surgery I do not think there's any moral
justification for a society giving the
surgery to one person and not giving it
to the other based on their ability to
pay I think it's a fundamental moral
problem that all modern societies have
to face I do not think that access to
justice justice per se I do not think
that access to justice should ever be
based on the ability to pay if there are
two people who have both suffered the
same injustice I do not think there's
any justification for one of them
receiving justice and not the other
because of their ability to pay their
ability to hire a lawyer their ability
to pay legal fees but you know there's
another side to this that maybe you guys
haven't thought about people tend to
think about taking someone to court as
if it were the worst thing imaginable as
if it were the worst case scenario and
it's not when people do not have access
to justice they will more and more
resort to violent
I want to say straight up Cheeta if you
watch this this is not a death threat
Cheeta I am NOT threatening to harm you
in any way but I've got to tell you on
some level you know all around the world
in many different cultures
there are all kinds of people who would
harm you who would beat you up who would
stab you who would kill you for what
you've said
now vegan cheetah today lives in Los
Angeles and Los Angeles is a cultural
melting pot there are some people in Los
Angeles Charles who will make you pay
the price in blood and I really wonder
Charles I really wonder if someone
finally takes you off the census if
someone finally kills you because you
said they have AIDS because you said
something but who they're sleeping with
who are they're not sleeping with
because you made up some dirty little
lie about their sex lives just so you
could hold the attention of your of your
live streaming audience to another few
minutes if you keep crossing the line
with people this way you know sooner or
later it's not gonna be a lawsuit
someone is gonna take you off the census
man you're gonna be in a you're gonna be
in a cardboard box you should I even say
a plywood box you're gonna be in
whatever kind of box your estate can
afford again this is this is not a death
threat why do these systems exist why do
we have these traditions within the West
why do we have a culture of allowing
people to sue one another and get
restitution for defamation why is they
exist it's to make us less violent as a
species as a society this kind of
recourse to justice exists so that
people do not have to take the law into
their own hands it's so that people are
less likely to use their own hands to
use their own knives to use the forces
at their own disposal and it's a goddamn
shame it's a goddamn shame that anna has
to ask for $15,000 because you know
what's cheaper you know what costs a lot
less than $15,000 Charles it would cost
a lot less for her to pay any number of
organized gangs in LA to hunt you down I
don't even think that would be $5,000
Charles
why don't you ask around about what kind
of favors you can buy in the Greater Los
Angeles area for $15,000 there are
alternatives to dragging your ass into
court Charles there are deadly serious
alternatives and people like myself and
people like Anna Scanlon we're not
thinking about getting even we're not
thinking about revenge we're not even
thinking about silencing you we're in
the ethical minority of people who are
really seriously thinking about the
future of the movement and all I can say
is you've been lucky so far and that
you've only been tangling with people
like us but don't push your luck because
the vast majority of people aren't here
they're not thinking about the future of
the movement they're just gonna be
thinking about either how they can shut
you up shut you down or how they can get
even like why play the fake vegan card
like cheetah cheetah you are a fake
vegan you asked me about the use of the
term fake vegan it's used to describe
people like you because you're a
parasite on this movement you're not
making a positive contribution you're
doing your little bit to exploit and
destroy the movement you are a fake
vegan cheetah